Explain Collections in Realtime:
-------------------------------
1.Using Collections We can insert the Dissimilar data
2.Collections It have List and Set interface
3.List it have ArrayList,LinkedList and vector Classes
4.Set it have HashSet,LinkedHashSet and TreeSet Classes

  In our project We have implemented List and Set Concepts

List:
----
1.In our Retail Domain project, We used to search the product and it list out the  multiple options
  We are using list to get all products and verify expected products are available in the listed items.

2.In our Travel Domain project , We used to select the specific flightNo in the listed flights details,
  for that used to get all listed  flights by using list also compare and select the specif flight no

3.In our Travel Domain project ,We used to add the more passengers in the flight booking screen 
  also used to validate the same passengers in the booking summary screen.  

4.In our project we used to verify the all the payment cards are available in payment screens  like visa,master,
  American Express card and titanium card. For that we used to get all the cards in the list also compare with our  
  expected cards

5.In our project we used to verify the all the trip type options(oneway,round trip and multicity) are available in
 the dropdown for we used to get the all options and compare with the expected values.

Set:
----
1.In our Travel Domain project ,we used to check any duplicate flight no is present in the listed flight no details
 for that we need to get the all flight nos using list and add all flight nos in the set then will check the size.

2.In our Travel Domain project ,we used to verify whether the fare details are  listed in the ascending order
   for that we need to get all the fare details and store  it using Treeset .

3.In our project we used verify any duplicate country name is present in the nationality dropdown in booking screen.

4.In our project , we used to check any duplicate PNR is created or not in the admin screen.

5.In our project, We used switch to  child window when we click the add to card option ,for that we used to get the all windows id
  and store in the set of string.


Map:
---
In our project, We will pass the datas in feature using datatables with headers, to get the data by using header 
for that we are using LinkedHashMap in that key as Header also value as relavant data. 








  

  
  
 
 	 
